Perhaps this may
continue over a nightcap.
Previously on "Mistresses"...
No. Merci.
You want to see Lucy?
This is all you get.
When I'm done, you're done.
You can't ask me to be your
shoulder to cry on when you're upset,
and then get pissed when I try to help.
Elizabeth is the one who killed Tom,
and now she's saying I'm responsible?
- Why didn't you at least warn me?
- I took myself off the case.
I was alone the night your father died.
You need an alibi. Use me.
I'd do anything for you, Karen.
My name is Dr. Karen Kim.
I have been a psychiatrist
for over 15 years.
I established my current practice
with Dr. Jacob Pollack five years ago.
[Woman] And when did you
first start seeing Thomas Grey?
About three years ago.
And what was the reason?
He had severe insomnia.
For which you prescribed medication?
- Yes.
- Morphine?
No.
- The morphine was...
- Stop. Karen...
We've been through this.
Morphine comes up, you plead the fifth.
But Elizabeth's lawyers
will have pharmacy records.
If you don't talk about it, they can't
contradict your notes or prior statements.
If you don't contradict yourself,
you protect your credibility.
Prescribing morphine for
pain management isn't a crime.
Assisting in suicide is a whole
other matter. [Cell phone buzzes]
[Buzz]
Morphine comes up, you plead the fifth.
Affair comes up, you plead the fifth.
Specific dates come up, you
don't know or you don't recall.
How does that not look
ridiculously suspicious?
To whom? There's no jury.
And the Judge enters the
process long after we're done.
He'll review the depositions and
decide if it will go to trial.
If you don't want that to happen,
the less you say, the better.
How are we doing on your alibi
for the night Thomas died?
Well... that's disappointing.
I have one.
Sam Grey.
Elizabeth Grey's son?
- That Sam Grey?
- Yes.
Yes, that Sam Grey.
[Knock on door]
Hey. Thanks for coming.
[Sighs]
What do you want?
To say my good-byes.
My flight's on Thursday.
It's the earliest I could afford.
Good, then.
Going back to Florida?
Yeah.
I also wanted to thank you for
showing me the photos of Lucy.
It was more than I deserve.
Um...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Can you give this to her for me?
A locket?
There are pictures of
me and Lucy inside...
The last Christmas we had before I
made the biggest mistake of my life.
Just tell her, I don't know,
that you found it in my stuff.
I really want her to have it.
Please. I'm getting on a plane, April.
I'm out of your life. I'm just asking
for a small way to be with Lucy...
To stay close to her heart.
[Sighs deeply]
You've never stopped
being close to her heart.
[Door opens] [Door closes]
[Knocks]
You summoned?
Yes.
So how's it going with
our New York friends?
Oh, you know New Yorkers.
They're picky and opinionated.
They refuse to like
anything, but I'll get 'em.
Uh, tell me what you think of this.
Viens ici. Quoi?
I promise I won't bite.
[Laughs]
A mid century modern in the
heart of the Hollywood Hills.
I believe it'd be perfect for them.
Yeah. It's, uh, it's beautiful.
Mm. It becomes even more stunning
the longer you look at it.
Uh, actually, I...
I just remembered I have to be somewhere,
so, um, let's, uh, let's talk later.
D'accord.
[Woman] All right. I'll see you later.
[Bells on door jingle]
Oh, I'm sorry I'm late.
Hi. Could I have an iced
coffee? Uh, lots of ice.
Like, way more ice than you think
the normal person would take.
Thank you.
- Oh.
- Feeling hot?
And bothered.
Why is it that my boss
is interested in me now?
Because I'm not available. That's why.
[Sighs] Hey. Whoa. Karen, are you okay?
I'm fine.
I just had a long morning
prepping for my deposition, and...
Oh... [inhales sharply]
That's right, that's coming up.
Are you and Savi gonna
battle it out in court?
What if she objects, and then you're
all, "Savi, I wasn't finished".
And then the whole court finds
out that you're best friends,
and then the Judge is like,
"holy crap, this is a mistrial"
and she puts you in jail?
Oh, my God. That probably
wouldn't happen. I'm sorry.
It's not a trial. It's a deposition.
And Savi won't be there
because she's off the case.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
So Paul's finally leaving.
- Oh, hallelujah.
- That's great.
Is it really, though? I mean, great?
What are you talking
about? Of course it is.
Then why do I feel like
I'm doing something wrong?
I mean, keeping Paul away from Lucy... is
it really my place to make this decision?
[People speaking indistinctly]
Where's Savi?
Oh, she had a meeting. Hey. Wow.
We're still here. We can help.
I know. It's just, you're a little
high-strung, and you're a bit analytical.
I'm looking for a gut reaction here.
Do I tell Lucy about Paul?
[Both] No!
No need to yell.
I just don't understand why you're
suddenly questioning your decision.
- You're her mother...
- And he's her father.
Who she thinks is dead, April.
But he's not, which means
Lucy could potentially
grow up with a father
instead of without one.
A lying dirt bag of a father,
but a father nonetheless.
A child Lucy's age is
too young to process this.
So you think it's okay to play
God with my daughter's life?
A parent's job till they're 18.
At which point, you revisit.
So I have at least eight years
until I have to make this decision.
And who knows? By then, he
might be dead again anyway.
[Mouth full] What?
Seriously, what?
[Sighs] Can I get a double espresso?
So you don't need anything
else for the Grey depos, do you?
- Stop fishing, Savannah.
- I am not fishing.
Uh-huh. [Clears throat]
- What's this?
- A diversion.
A trip to New York?
Yeah, there are some issues with
some of the Kellerman assets,
which, as you know, reside
in First Monument Bank so,
our East Coast partners are
looking forward to your arrival.
That is a huge client, Dom.
Why are you giving me this?
Because I can't do this depo with
your nose pressed up against the glass.
- Karen Kim is my friend.
- I know.
Which is why I don't want
you here to see her get hurt.
You really think she might lose?
[Sighs]
Oh, you're just gonna love Stacey.
[Mouth full] Yeah?
We've been friends
since elementary school,
and then she moved to
New York to be a dancer,
but ended up falling in love
with some Wall Street guy.
Oh, she's straight?
Yes, and so are Charlie and Emma.
Are you gonna invite any
of your couple friends?
[Normal voice] Sure.
Except I don't have any.
Well, I can invite Chad and Dara.
Awesome.
I was hoping that we
could use Savi's place.
Savi? My sister Savi?
Yeah. This place isn't really
big enough for entertaining,
and we wouldn't be able
to be outside, and...
But I don't want it to be a
problem. Will it be a problem?
No, no, no, no. It's not
a problem. I'll ask her.
Okay.
[ Katie Herzog ] ♪ I've
got a little secret, too.
Do you miss that?
Who, him?
[Mouth full] Look, I know...
[Normal voice] That you can't just
turn off your sexual attraction to men.
Honestly, yes.
It's a little weird not knowing the
next time I'm gonna see a naked guy,
and, yes, sometimes I miss it.
But I feel like it's like becoming
a Vegan, not being able to eat meat.
Your body just goes into
shock for a little bit.
So is that something you're feeling
lately? Is your body craving, um...
Do you feel it... it needs a, mm...
Like, a sausage or...
[Chuckles]
A hot dog or something?
Would it be okay if I was?
I don't know.
I feel like we're still trying
to figure so much stuff out and...
You know, boundaries and stuff.
Well, how does it work in lesbian
land when someone sleeps with a guy?
Well, there's not exactly a
rule book, but I don't know,
I mean, if it were to happen,
hypothetically, I guess...
It wouldn't be the
worst thing in the world.
- No?
- I mean, no.
- No.
- Okay.
Hypothetically.
Right.
I mean, Annette Bening took
back Julianne Moore when she
slept with Mark Ruffalo,
and they had kids together.
- I don't know who any of those people are.
- Alex, oh.
We have to start using on
demand more. You're killing me.
I have to teach a class in 15 minutes.
And you have to ask Savi about Monday.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye. [Door closes]
[Bells on door jingle]
Hey.
I take it you didn't come here
for vanilla-scented candles.
No, no. I'm good on candles.
But we should probably
talk about Six Flags.
[Jingles]
The Amusement Park. Right. We're
supposed to take the girls on Monday.
- But we made those plans before we...
- Right.
Which kind of... changes things.
Yeah, I don't know. Uh, we could cancel.
But Madi's been talking about it nonstop.
She's really excited to go with Lucy.
I know. Lucy feels the same way.
She'll be crushed if we didn't go.
We could just do it.
Kids come first, right?
Yeah, we... we can spend
the day together and then,
tell the girls about us some other time.
Yeah, absolutely.
Anyway, you seem to like the
candle. So you can just take it.
- I'll see you on... on Monday.
- Okay. Uh...
I'll see you next week.
[Josslyn] Are you sure you're cool
with me and Alex using the house?
Yeah, of course. [Huffs]
A couples' dinner?
You've become so domestic
now that you're a lesbian.
Oh, hilarious.
It'll only be a few people,
though. Alex asked me to invite
some couple friends, and then I
realized that I don't have any anymore...
Unless you and Harry want to come.
Uh, no. I don't think
that'll be happening.
You never know until you ask.
Harry won't come. Dom,
on the other hand...
Um, Dom, on the other hand, what?
- [Sighs]
- Hmm?
Nothing.
[Sighs]
Did he say something to you?
He did, didn't he?
He told you he was into you.
I knew I should've warned you.
What, did you talk to him?
When did you talk to him?
Please. Does he realize
you're still married to Harry?
- Do you?
- [Sighs] Of course I do.
It's just, Harry won't even talk to me.
I don't know where he
is or what he's thinking.
- He's thinking that he loves you, Savi.
- He can't get over what I did.
And I can't make him.
So you immediately run into
the arms of another man?
I'm not running into anyone's
arms right now. I'm just...
Trying to stay realistic.
[Dominic] A few points of
procedure before we begin.
This is not a trial.
These depositions are
simply to gather evidence.
This evidence can be used if
the case ever does go to trial.
So remember, you're still under oath.
Anyone who testifies is
bound to tell the truth.
Ms. Wade, anything else?
That about covers it.
Let's just try to keep things civil.
Couldn't agree more. [ Intercom beeps ]
- Bringing in our first witness.
- [Man] Yes, Sir.
[Whispers] Here we go.
[Dominic] Could you please
state your name for the record?
Anthony Newsome.
And in your investigative
work for Huxley Insurance,
did you discover anything about Mr. Grey's
state of mind near the time of his death?
Well, the first time I spoke
with Dr. Kim about the case,
she informed that, uh, Thomas Grey
was not suicidal or depressed at all.
The first time?
Yeah, I was able to question
her again after an interview
with one of the hospice
nurses raised a red flag.
That's when she turned in her notes.
Why then?
I informed her that this case could
easily turn into a criminal investigation.
And was that true?
No, uh, not entirely, but,
uh, I felt I had no choice.
My employer was demanding
to see those notes.
What did you find in the notes?
The exact opposite of what
she had originally told me.
Uh, the notes claimed that Thomas
Grey was suicidal and depressed.
Thank you, Mr. Newsome.
Ms. Wade.
- Mr. Newsome.
- Mm.
Is it possible that you're
only here out of spite?
Excuse me?
Are you here because Dr. Kim
rejected your romantic advances,
and you decided to get back at her?
- Ms. Wade, what the hell is this?
- Uh, that's not true at all.
I showed up at Dr. Kim's
house one evening to help
her install a Security
Camera. That's about it.
- But you wanted to get physical?
- Please stop.
[Dominic] I don't
think this is relevant.
If Mr. Newsome has a personal grudge
towards my client, I think it is.
We'll agree to disagree.
Thank you, Mr. Newsome.
[Indistinct screaming]
- [Madi] I can't wait to go on that.
- [Lucy] I think we should go here first.
Oh, and then all the way back
this way until we get here.
We should go on this one twice.
And that one last.
[April] Okay, okay.
Hold on, girls. I know you're excited,
but we have to go over some rules first.
No running off ahead of us.
We have to be able to
see you at all times.
Always stay together.
- Ice cream and candy after we eat...
- After lunch.
Let's go.
Oh! Wait up.
Oh.
Thank you so much for taking us here.
My mom took me to Disneyland
once, but I don't even remember it.
Oh, you're welcome, Madi.
- She really likes you.
- I like her, too.
So...
Do you have any sort of plan in
mind when it comes to my sister?
[Laughs]
I really hope that's not why
you wanted to talk because,
it's not your business, now is it?
Yeah, actually, it
is my business because
right now, I'm the one
trying to save this marriage.
So if... if you don't want
that, you need to let me know.
[Cash register bell dings]
There's nothing to
save, Joss. Not anymore.
Why? Why not anymore?
Because Savi must have
received the paternity results.
And since I haven't heard a single
word from her and saw that...
Bastard at our house, I can only
assume that the baby is not mine.
Well, I can tell you that
that is 100% not true.
So what, you're saying that she
hasn't received the results yet?
No, no, she has, but she hasn't opened
them, she gave me the envelope instead.
- So...
- Uh, no, I...
I haven't opened them either, so...
So what, she's not
planning to ever read them?
I have no idea. You
know Savi. She's weird.
She has her own way of doing everything.
But is this all really about the kid?
Yes.
Then call Genzide and make
them tell you the results.
- Joss, if you have them...
- No, no, no, no, no.
Honey, as much as I'm rooting for you,
kiddo, I can't betray the sisterhood.
There are codes.
- Now, Josslyn...
- Codes. Harry, stop.
Listen, you have a sexy
accent and the baby blues.
So walk into Genzide and make the
clerk tell you the information.
And if the kid's not yours, you
can... you can get a divorce.
Fine, if that's what you want.
But, Harry, if that baby's yours, and you
don't step up, you could lose everything.
[Indistinct screaming]
They're still playing.
So how come you don't
talk about her, your ex?
Uh...
I don't know.
Why do you bring it up?
Oh, it's... it's actually
been on my mind for a while.
I was just waiting for the
right time to bring it up.
Oh well, we broke up. I'm covered in Churro
dust, it's obviously the perfect time.
You're right. You don't have to tell me.
It's none of my business, and
the girls will be here any second.
But for the record, you pretty
much know everything about my life,
and I know nothing about yours.
It seems kind of lopsided.
I mean, I don't even
know this woman's name.
It's Sandra.
I don't like talking about it
because it's kind of embarrassing.
More embarrassing then having
your husband fake his own death
because he impregnated another woman?
No. [Chuckles]
She just left me for another guy
and moved to Chicago with him.
She sees Madi when she
can, which is less and less.
It's not as dramatic as your story,
but it still just kind of sucks.
I'm sorry, Richard. Really.
Don't be. It's okay.
Madi and I have built
a good life together.
We've adjusted.
You've done a really good job with
her. I mean, you're a terrific dad.
Thanks.
Hey, Alex, it's me. I really
wish you'd pick up, because I
have no idea what I'm looking at
here, and I don't know what you want.
These... these aren't
real ice cream flavors.
I think it's... does
that say "Olive Martini"?
"Dehydrated bourbon"?
"Lemongrass soufflé"?
I... "Coconut breast
milk"? What is this?
Uh, horseradish prince.
Okay. That's just
Come on. You know what?
Do you have some chocolate
chip or something?
- Chocolate chip? No.
- Can you just check in the back?
They don't have chocolate chip what ice
cream place doesn't have chocolate chip?
Is this some kind of
practical joke or something?
Because there's an ice cream store,
like, a block away from your house.
Instead, I'm looking at...
Hi. I'm so sorry. Excuse me.
I'm... I'm looking at something called,
what is that, "chocolate-covered bacon"?
Do you like the bacon?
- Yeah.
I really, I don't think that I
should be in charge of food shopping.
I'm not good at it. I'm a
better restaurant picker outer.
[Call waiting beeps]
Oh, God.
That's work. If you get this in the
next five minutes, please call me back.
Hello.
Hello, Josslyn. Ca va?
I'm super-duper. What
can I do for you, Olivier?
Are you familiar with the
property on Clark Drive?
Um, Greg's listing?
Yes. But Greg is unfortunately sick.
I think he ate some bad crab.
Would you be able to show
the listing to a couple that
was planning on meeting
Greg there tonight at 7:00?
Oh, um...
Unless you are busy. I know
you are not working today.
Uh, no. It... it's fine.
- I... no problem. I'll be there.
- Parfait. [Speaks french] Merci.
- I'll make it up to you.
- Okay, bye.
You know what? Just cancel the...
the bacon. You don't even care.
It's... [sighs] Thank you.
Hey, Alex. It's me again. Bad news.
My husband was a pillar
of this community.
People looked up to him.
He was too proud a man
to take his own life.
So how do you explain
his asking for morphine?
Tom was in a lot of pain.
He wanted to live out the rest of
his life as joyfully as he could.
Dr. Kim clearly lied
about his mental state.
Objection.
Noted. Continue, Mrs. Grey.
Well...
Once I discovered that Dr. Kim
had prescribed him the morphine.
I started to question things.
Based on what exactly?
Call it a wife's intuition.
I suspected, but had no proof,
how far their relationship went.
Until Tom told me they
were having an affair.
[Wade] Is your client planning
to say anything based on fact?
She's answering the questions
to the best of her ability.
So he told you about the affair?
He was confessing a mistake.
He was concerned that Dr. Kim had
mistaken a night or two for something more.
That she was becoming irrational
and demanding things from him.
That is a lie.
She was angry that he
didn't return her feelings.
[Wade] You were the angry
one, weren't you, Mrs. Grey?
Understandably, if you thought your
husband and Dr. Kim were sleeping together.
[Voice breaking] My
beloved husband was dying.
Weeping with apology...
And professing his love for
me and our 20-year marriage.
There was no time for anger.
At least not toward him.
What does this have to do
with your baseless accusations?
He was too weak to administer
the morphine himself.
Perhaps Dr. Kim came
over that night to help.
[Huffs] She's lying.
[Voice breaking] Elizabeth, you told
me that Tom called out for the morphine.
And you gave it to him that night.
That's impossible.
I wasn't even home when
Tom died that night.
I was out when it happened.
You were out?
With my son.
Next witness for my
client will be Samuel Grey.
[Car horns]
[Dominic] So, Sam, how often did you see
your father toward the end of his life?
I would come home on weekends
to visit my dad when I could.
Especially that last month.
No one really knew when it was gonna
happen, just that it was going to.
I mean, one doctor had
given him four months.
One had given him a year. So I
tried to visit as much as possible.
And the weekend he did pass away?
I actually came home just as
much for my mom as for my dad.
She was...
A mess she hadn't slept in
weeks, she'd barely eaten.
Spending all her time
taking care of him.
But my dad was awake that night.
It was actually his idea.
[Dominic] What was his idea?
That I take my mom out for dinner.
Even after she had
dismissed the night nurse?
Yeah.
Dad was resting pretty
comfortably, and he...
He thought it would be nice if I
got her out of the house for an hour.
He seemed okay.
I mean... if... if I'd have known...
Anyway, yeah, um, we were out for,
about an hour, and when we got back...
He was gone.
I'm sorry.
But that's the way it happened.
[Jangles keys]
[Trills lips and exhales]
[Gasps]
Oh.
What are you, some kind of French ninja?
I didn't mean to startle you.
I merely came by to check in.
It seems I have missed the clients.
Yeah, they left about ten minutes ago.
That's too bad.
Mm.
Do you normally stop by and check on
agents while they're showing houses?
Oh, it's not a rule.
But there are certain people
for whom I break the rules.
So do you think you have a sale?
I'm, uh...
Pretty confident I can close the deal.
Are you?
Confident?
Shall I give you the tour?
I like that idea.
[ Miss Li ] ♪ I can't get you.
♪ Get you off my mind.
Oh! [Panting]
♪ I can't get you.
Just wait.
♪ Get you off my mind.
- [Exhales]
- [Both grunt]
♪ I can't get you.
- Oh!
[Both laugh]
♪ And I can't get
you... Get you off my mind.
- Hi.
- Hello.
♪ Oh, no, no.
♪ I don't know what you do.
♪ You're everywhere I
turn, and everywhere I go.
♪ Oh, oh.
♪ But I'll try to
cut you out of my life.
♪ Just as you can cut me out of yours.
Are you feeling better?
[Grunts] I just don't know why
they have to go upside down.
Isn't it bad enough they go so fast?
[Laughs]
Richard, do you...
Think there's anyway we
can un-break up right now?
Funny. I was just about
to ask the same thing.
Really?
I think you should tell
Lucy the truth about Paul.
You what?
I know it's a bit of a 180 from the
fistfight, and considering we just
got back together five seconds
go, I may have jumped the gun.
So what, you don't hate him anymore?
Oh, no. I hate him. I hate him a lot.
But you wouldn't be doing this for him.
I'm not even sure it would be
the best thing for Lucy right now,
but I think it would be
the best thing for you.
I don't understand.
You and Lucy have an
amazing relationship.
It's a gift, really.
I just don't think that you should
keep something this important from her.
And even if you should,
I don't know if you could.
I don't see how you lie to her face
every day for the rest of her life.
It's not in you, April.
It's not who you are.
Even if I'm doing it to protect her?
She's gonna freak out when
you tell her, definitely.
But if she finds out a different
way, if Paul just shows up one day...
She'll never forgive you.
And she will never,
ever trust you again.
Do you really want to take that chance?
[Inhales deeply]
Wow.
[Bell dings]
[People speaking indistinctly]
[Doors close]
Okay, not the best end of day for us.
Not the best end of day?
I was basically accused of
boiling a bunny and murdering Tom.
I can refute anything they brought up.
All you need to do is find a new
alibi for that night by tomorrow.
- And they can't prove a thing.
- Why can't I just tell the truth?
Claiming to be home alone is
technically the worst alibi of all time.
I know this makes you uncomfortable,
but it needs to be done.
Ask your partner. He's in love with you.
He testifies tomorrow.
Jacob's not in love with me.
And I can't ask him, of all
people, to lie under oath.
[Ding]
Take my advice and a week from now, this
whole thing will be a distant memory.
[Ding]
Karen.
- Great performance.
- Karen, wait.
- Get away from me.
- Please hear me out.
Was this your plan all along,
to sleep with me then turn on me?
Of course not. I've been
calling you to tell you.
Tell me what, that you
were about to ruin my life?
I had every intention of being your alibi,
Karen, but when she asked me to be hers...
I mean, what do you want
me to say? She's my mother.
But you came to me ready to
speak on my behalf, against her.
She doesn't ask for help,
Karen, and she asked me for this.
She begged. She sobbed.
- I couldn't say no.
- I can't believe this.
Hey.
I get that you're angry, but
don't act like I betrayed you
on some deep personal level or anything.
We slept together once, and you
couldn't even bother to return my calls.
You knew as well as I did
this wasn't going anywhere.
I did what I had to do.
I'm sorry it had to end this way.
[Music]
Transfer complete.
She didn't even open her eyes.
We should do this more often.
I can't tell you the last time
that Madi fell asleep in the car.
Thank you for today...
And for the unsolicited advice.
- I'm sorry. I know I should just...
- No. I think you're right.
- I'm gonna tell Lucy.
- See, now I'm scared.
I gave you advice, and you're gonna
follow it, it's gonna be disastrous.
You gave me advice. I decided to take
it. So if it's a disaster, it's all on me.
How are you gonna do it?
Whew. I'm not sure yet.
I'll pick her up from school tomorrow,
take her for some ice cream and...
Pray that a scoop of
mint chip gets us through
the toughest conversation of our lives.
Might I suggest double scoop?
[Chuckles]
[Latch clicks]
[Keys jangle]
Hey.
Hey, babe.
[Exhales]
- I've been calling you.
- You have?
I'm sorry. You know I always
turn my phone off when I work.
Have you been at the
showing this whole time?
Yeah, I know. It sucks, huh?
So what did you and Stacey end up doing?
We just... we went to a
restaurant, and that was it.
I wish you hadn't missed her.
Me, too. Maybe tomorrow?
I don't think she can. She has
to go see her mom, and then...
- Then they're leaving tomorrow night.
- Oh.
What is that?
Hmm?
Is that a bite mark?
Um...
[Exhales deeply]
I kind of...
Went the way of our
hypothetical conversation.
Yeah, I can see that.
When did that happen?
Do we really need to talk about it?
No.
This is a definitely a
conversation I do not need to have.
Good night.
[Sighs]
[People speaking indistinctly]
Did you ask him?
[Elevator bell dings]
No.
Hey. Uh, is this okay?
You look great.
- Thanks for coming.
- As I said, it's my pleasure.
I know this is a silly question,
but did you and Karen ever make
a habit of working late together?
Please stop.
It's only because Karen remembers
working the night of Thomas' death,
and I was just wondering if maybe...
Oh. Uh... yes. Of course.
Jacob.
Karen... can I answer?
Yes, it is very possible I
was with Karen that night.
[Baby crying]
- Good day.
- Name?
Um, well, I don't have an appointment.
Uh, Harry Davis.
[Clicking keyboard keys]
I should be in your records
there. Well, my wife, actually...
[Clears throat] Should be in
your records. Savannah Davis.
Ah.
She, uh...
[Lowered voice] She had a paternity
test done about six weeks ago.
[Continues clicking]
Oh. You're not named.
Not named as...
As the father?
No, no, not named on the consent form.
As someone who can be told
any diagnostic information.
Right. But you, um...
You have the diagnostic information
right there in front of you, don't you?
Well, yeah, I do.
You could just tell me.
I can't.
That seems unfair, doesn't it,
you, a pretty stranger knowing,
and me, the kid's potential father
out here completely in the dark?
Mr. Davis, I can't.
Really?
Is there a problem here, Melanie?
I really can't.
[Baby fussing]
[Clicking keyboard keys]
Can you state your name for the record?
- Jacob Pollack.
- You know Dr. Kim well?
We went to medical school together.
Of course, she graduated in
the top 1%. Me, not so much.
Uh, anyway, we reconnected
in 2007 at an awards ceremony.
At which she shockingly was honored.
Uh, for her minority patient
outreach work, I think.
We understand. She's accomplished.
- He's a character witness.
- [Scoffs]
Go on, Dr. Pollack.
We formed our practice together in 2008.
I'd like to talk about the
night that Thomas Grey died.
Okay, sure.
Do you remember where
you were that night?
Yes, I do.
I was... I was at the office.
Were you alone?
- No.
- Lila was there with him.
Our receptionist.
Karen.
I had given her a stack of cases
to file before I headed home.
Karen, please.
It's my turn to speak.
Mr. Taylor, first question?
Let's start with your notes from
the sessions with Thomas Grey.
Why don't you ask me what
you really want to know?
What do I really want to know?
Where was I the night Thomas died?
All right.
Where were you?
Home.
Alone.
[Exhales]
I remember because Tom and
I had spoken that morning.
And... he didn't sound very good.
I wanted to be with him.
But then again, I always
wanted to be with him.
We were in love, you see?
At least, he was the love of my life.
I need a moment with my client.
No, you don't.
I fell in love with a married man.
That was the first crime I committed.
And I prescribed him morphine
so that he could end his life...
Because I loved him so deeply, I couldn't
stand the thought of him suffering.
And when he asked if I would
help him end his own life...
I said I would.
But that call never came.
I believe Elizabeth Grey ended his life.
- [Scoffs] This is insane.
- Elizabeth.
[Sighs]
What the circumstances
were, I'll never know.
But I know what I did.
I know the mistakes I've made.
And now my conscience is clear.
[Exhales]
I doubt you can say the same.
[Sighs]
[Cereal clinks in bowl]
You know what? I changed my
mind. I do want to talk about it.
Alex, please don't overreact.
When the person that I'm
in a relationship with
comes home with a bite
mark, I feel, I think,
that I have a right to know
whose teeth it came from.
What does it matter? It
was a guy. And you said...
I said we could discuss boundaries,
and then you went and slept
with someone without telling me
about it, which feels really weird.
Only because you're
making it really weird.
Okay, if it's so not a big deal...
then just tell me who it is.
- Fine. You want to know who it was?
- Yes.
It was Olivier.
Olivier? Your boss Olivier?
Mm-hmm.
The guy that you're obsessed with?
I wouldn't say obsessed.
Wow. You're unbelievable.
Okay, you know what, Alex?
You're the one who brought up
sex with men in the first place.
- You opened the door.
- Hypothetically. Hypothetically.
There is nothing
hypothetical about Olivier.
If you had come to me and
asked me if you could have
sex with Olivier, I would've
said no, door's closed.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I'm just not used to having to ask
permission to have sex with people.
Besides, I thought you
said that it didn't matter.
God. It does matter. It does...
Wait a second. Wait a
second. Was this last night?
Did you cancel plans with my friend so
that you could go have sex with your boss?
- Oh, my God.
- [Groans]
Oh, my God.
Alex, it wasn't a plan.
I really had to show
a house, and then...
What kind of person does that?
[Door closes]
[Huffs]
Oh. This is the problem with
women. They're too hung up on sex.
[Laughs] Yes. Some of them are.
Uh, before we go any further,
can we just talk about Karen?
Have you spoken to her, and did she mention
anything about how the depos are going?
No clue.
Okay. Back to you.
I mean, is Alex really gonna kick me out of
her life just because I slept with one guy?
Which, by the way, she said
wasn't gonna be a huge deal.
Well, I'm sure now that it happened,
she feels differently, right?
I mean, it's one thing for
it to be a hypothetical.
Oh, if I hear "hypothetical" one
more time, I'm gonna kill someone.
Okay, you know what? Maybe we should
go downstairs and have some ice cream.
That's what people do
when they get in fights.
Oh, no. And don't say
"ice cream" either.
Okay. I'll just let you talk.
Well, what's the big
deal? Alex and I were...
We were great, and Olivier was just sex.
It meant nothing.
I mean, no offense, but
you had sex with Dominic,
and obviously, you still love Harry.
Oh, what... relationships
are complicated.
You just said "relationship".
Oh, Lord. Here it comes.
No. I'm proud of you.
I know how hard it is for
you to even say that word
when you're talking about yourself.
You're maturing.
Ewe. Can we change the subject? [Sighs]
How was New York?
- It was amazing.
- Mm.
Dom put me up in the Four Seasons hotel.
He booked me a prenatal massage.
Man, the guy is really, uh,
pulling out all the stops, huh?
Yeah.
He is, and you know what?
It feels really nice.
So what are you saying, that
you have feelings for him now?
Joss, I always had feelings for him.
You know, that's how
this whole thing started.
I've just been fighting
them for so long, and...
I don't see any reason
to fight them anymore.
Do you?
Honestly, I don't know, Bug.
I mean, do I not give
something with Dom a chance...
Just because of the way it started?
[Children speaking indistinctly]
[Indistinct conversations]
[Woman] Practice at
home. It'll be great.
[Laughs] Okay?
- Excuse me.
- Bye.
Uh, I'm a little late for pickup
today. I'm April, Lucy Malloy's mom.
Oh, of course. Lucy was in
my music class this afternoon.
So you've seen her.
Yeah, she came out with the rest
of the kids, I'm pretty sure of it.
Maybe she went home with a friend?
No. She knew I was coming. We were gonna
have ice cream together. We had a plan.
- Lucy!
- Okay, let me go get the Principal.
Did you see a man with her? He
would've been in a rental car.
Try to stay calm, Mrs. Malloy. I'll
be right back, we're gonna find her.
Lucy!
Sync & corrections by P2Pfiend.
Www.Addic7ed.Com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org